blog: add PromCon25 post (#2724)
prometheus/docs: blog/posts/2025-09-18-promcon-2025.md

---
title: PromCon is Only One Month Away; See You in Person or via Live Stream!
created_at: 2025-09-18
kind: article
author_name: Bartek Płotka (@bwplotka)
---

It's that time of a year again! With just a few weeks to go until [PromCon EU 2025](https://promcon.io/2025-munich/) the Prometheus community is buzzing with excitement, preparations and passionate conference driven development. This tenth iteration of the conference dedicated to the CNCF Prometheus monitoring ecosystem continues the tradition of a cosy, community led, single track, 2 days of intense Prometheus user and developer learnings!

> The conference is back in Google Office in Munich, taking place on October 21-22 with the incredible lineup of talks and discussions you won't want to miss!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The conference is taking place on October 21–22 at the Google Office in Munich, with an incredible lineup of talks and discussions you won't want to miss!
```

## Content Highlights

The schedule is packed with sessions for everyone, from beginners to seasoned veterans. Topics range from:

* Exciting current and future developments of Prometheus protocols, features and storages (e.g. OpenMetrics 2.0, downsampling, delta metric support, Parquet-based storage)
* Amazing user community case studies and integrations (e.g. OpenTelemetry Schema and resource attributes adoption, auto aggregations, operator, Perses, Rust, AI MCP integrations )
* General best practices and guides for navigating complex observability aspects (e.g. Prometheus and OpenTelemetry instrumentation, new alerting methodologies, monitoring CPU hardware, PromQL intro)

...and more!

## Last Tickets and Live Recordings

A few last tickets are still available, but they will likely sell quickly soon. You can register for the conference here: https://promcon.io/2025-munich/register/.

However, if you can't make it to Munich, fear not! All talks will be live-streamed and available as recordings after the event. Keep an eye on the official PromCon website and social media channels for updates.

## For in Person Attendees: Lightning Talks!

> Following the tradition we offer a space for any PromCon in-person participant (capacity limits apply) to deliver a 5m talk related to Prometheus ecosystem!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following our tradition, we're offering space for any PromCon in-person participant (capacity limits apply) to deliver a 5-minute talk related to the Prometheus ecosystem.
```

If you have a last-minute learning, case study or idea to share with the community, feel free to prepare a few slides and sign up here: https://forms.gle/2JF13tSBGzrcuZD7A 

The form will be open until start of the PromCon conference.

## Credits

> This conference wouldn't happen without the hard work of Prometheus team's core organizers ([Goutham](TODO), [Richi](TODO) and [Basti](TODO)) and amazing [CNCF](https://www.cncf.io/) team!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This conference wouldn't be possible without the hard work of the Prometheus team's core organizers ([Goutham](TODO), [Richi](TODO) and [Basti](TODO)), and the amazing [CNCF](https://www.cncf.io/) team!
```

We wouldn't be able to do it without our sponsors too:

* Diamond: [Grafana Labs](https://grafana.com/) and [VictoriaMetrics](https://victoriametrics.com/)
* Platinum: [Red Hat](https://www.redhat.com/)

> * Gold: [HRT](https://www.hudsonrivertrading.com/), [Amadeus](https://amadeus.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Gold: [HRT](https://www.hudsonrivertrading.com/) and [Amadeus](https://amadeus.com/)
```
